In according to Vedayana teaching, Buddha has a higher teaching. Higher teaching is that
enlightenment is not coming from anywhere else.
Enlightenment is to discover, have to discover. So, enlightenment is. So, our mind is enlightenment
.
And therefore, then it is also usage of the mind, the usages, such as the poem, song, and the space
are also enlightened.
That's in the teaching. So, everything is in enlightenment. So, therefore, here, what He said, said
that this, this, the appearance and the sound and awareness,
awareness is all really enlightenment. All poems are enlightenment, enlightened.
All the poems are, what are the poems? Poems are such as the five elements.
Of course, the space is the best of nature, the power element, but the earth element, power element
, water element, wind element.
And this power element is very best, is in the space or the sky element. So, those are obtained in
the Buddha teaching, said the power elements.
And they are already enlightened statements. What they are in the teaching said, they are the
nature of the poem is emptiness.
Nature of this, the fire is the emptiness. Nature of the wind is the emptiness and as well as water
.
And then, then the space is the emptiness. And that emptiness is really the nature of all this poor
fire, water, wind, earth.
And so, therefore, nature is already enlightened, openness, status.
And then, that is more deeper level. And then, what Buddha told in the teaching, always on the
teaching said,
Buddha nature or tatanga dangarva, all such as emptiness, all this is also no other than really,
actually, like, everything is enlightened.
That Buddha nature is reflected in a different way. So, then is all appearance, all these forms are
arising.
So, then, in the teaching, the sky is the element, the earth, the male, female Buddha.
And then, all the forms are the male Buddha's appearance.
And this male and female is also not just like, kind of like the gender thing.
But the openness aspect of nature is the female qualities.
And as well as the appearance aspect of that is the male qualities.
So, the five elements are the female Buddha's. And then, from the five elements, what is arising is
the five aggregates arising.
And that five aggregates are then the poem aggregates, and as well as the feeling aggregates.
And then, perception aggregates, mental formation aggregates, and consciousness aggregates.
So, those all are also five Buddha's, those are five dhyana Buddha's, male Buddha's, five female
Buddha's.
So, therefore, all the appearance, what we see through our eyesight is the all Buddha.
And then, all the song systems are the voice of these Buddha's.
And that means song system, every song system is the song of the, where there is a connecting with
the elements,
of five elements, or with the poem, and it is the really voice of those five elements and five
poems.
So, therefore, it is like a whole mantra, or the secret song.
And then, our thought and mind is, there is no exactly any kind of existing, solid existing.
It's totally open and vastness, infinite qualities.
And that is known as the dharmakaya or the primordial wisdom state.
So, therefore, everything is enlightened state. That is really the reality, nature, of the way
things are.
And then, through that, we've activated that to a visualization meditation.
So, when we visualize the DD, for example, the Vedic life practices.
The Vedic life is, all the homes are the Vedic life displays.
And all the song systems of the universe is mantra of the Vedic alliance, not just on Vedic
alliance,
but all the song systems, it really is a secret voice of the Vedic alliance.
And the space in our own mind is that, then, the wisdom mind of the Vedic alliance.
And the reality, again, those three are, when we see those three different ways,
but all that is within the same state.
And that's why it's remaining inseparably from the innermost, the one test, everyone's wisdom mind.
So, where there remains all that in one single state is, that's the, is our, within our mind.
When you look at our mind, we see all those three different things, but it is all in that state.
So, it's really the, this is the ordinary display or a lively display from the awareness of our own
mind.
And then it emerges back to that nature status.
When we have that realization, and then that is known as a very good realization.
And this is the wishing and the praying, the may I, where may we get this realization.
And this phrase is also very told by very famous human.
Okay, came in the 16th century, maybe 16th or 7th century, is the same time with the people of
Dalai Lama.
And just before he is going to enter Mahaparin nirvana, he joined this, this, and then he entered
Mahaparin nirvana.
And this is what we call the last testimony of the display theater.
It's a very popular practice of the human.
Okay, thank you.